README.md, before:

Hi there! I'm Andrés and this is my try of learning _Rust_. If you already see trough my GitHub account might notice I know a bit of other languages like Python, JavaScript and PHP.

On this repository I plans write what I'm learning about _Rust_, like a documentation. There's some questions you might have:

### I need something to read this?
I'm making this in markdown format to you be able to read it at GitHub repository's page, BUT I highly recommend use [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for better experience (graphic view, links between pages, etc), and of course in order to runs the Rust code you need to install the language on your system.

### Why in English?
And why not.

### Why Rust and no C or other language?
Honestly I just saw a lot of YouTube videos about Rust recently and how it does the same as C but better (or that is what I understood, please don't kill me if I'm wrong). And the funny _cangrejo_ of course.

### Why a backend language?
After see some JavaScript, I made a course where I learned PHP, and I know PHP might not be the BEST backend language, but I actually loved it (I'm currently writing a PHP docs repo actually).

I find out that maybe the fronted is not for me (mainly 'cuz I'm not  a _creative_ or _visual_ person), and I love when a text pop-outs when you type something before, and PHP taught me that, and maybe I'm not the top 5 best PHP's programmer, but I wanted to try something more, and seeing the recent increase of mentions of Rust and the fact I found by the _Let's Get Rusty_ page, I jumped into this.

### What tools and docs am I using?
I'm mainly using the following sources and tools:

- [Let's Get Rusty](https://learn.letsgetrusty.com/beginner/setup.html) | YouTube Rust's Free Course
- [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/title-page.html) | The Rust Book basically
- [Rust By Example](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/) | Like a library of exercises
- ChatGPT and DeepSeek to explain me some concepts on spanish so I can write them here.
- [Obisdian](https://obsidian.md/) | For write this

I'll create a list of all my sources when I goes on this journey.

#rust

Commit message:

Rustlings source added to Readme

README.md, after:

Hi there! I'm Andrés and this is my try of learning _Rust_. If you already see trough my GitHub account might notice I know a bit of other languages like Python, JavaScript and PHP.

On this repository I plans write what I'm learning about _Rust_, like a documentation. There's some questions you might have:

### I need something to read this?
I'm making this in markdown format to you be able to read it at GitHub repository's page, BUT I highly recommend use [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) for better experience (graphic view, links between pages, etc), and of course in order to runs the Rust code you need to install the language on your system.

### Why in English?
And why not.

### Why Rust and no C or other language?
Honestly I just saw a lot of YouTube videos about Rust recently and how it does the same as C but better (or that is what I understood, please don't kill me if I'm wrong). And the funny _cangrejo_ of course.

### Why a backend language?
After see some JavaScript, I made a course where I learned PHP, and I know PHP might not be the BEST backend language, but I actually loved it (I'm currently writing a PHP docs repo actually).

I find out that maybe the fronted is not for me (mainly 'cuz I'm not  a _creative_ or _visual_ person), and I love when a text pop-outs when you type something before, and PHP taught me that, and maybe I'm not the top 5 best PHP's programmer, but I wanted to try something more, and seeing the recent increase of mentions of Rust and the fact I found by the _Let's Get Rusty_ page, I jumped into this.

### What tools and docs am I using?
I'm mainly using the following sources and tools:

- [Let's Get Rusty](https://learn.letsgetrusty.com/beginner/setup.html) - YouTube Rust's Free Course
- [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/title-page.html) | The Rust Book basically
- [Rust By Example](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/) - Like a library of exercises
- ChatGPT and DeepSeek to explain me some concepts on spanish so I can write them here.
- [Rustlings](https://rustlings.rust-lang.org/) - Interactive code problems with Rust
- [Obisdian](https://obsidian.md/) - For write this

I'll create a list of all my sources when I goes on this journey.

#rust
